just a quick tutorial on gchat trees
using 3ds max 2013 we've got a football
here we want to make it go from one side
to the other and using the trajectory so
the first thing we do is select the
object in this case the football and
we're going to make it go always around
and back to where it started so the
first thing we do make sure the objects
selected and then click on shapes and
draw a line where we want the ball to go
so we're going to go around here to
there and round and back again okay so
once we've done that and make sure the
object selected again the football and
click on the motion tab and it's using
parameters or changing teach ejector
ease and then we click on the convert
from button and click on the line with a
strong and then it's created a
trajectory blessed Politis either it go
around there obviously you notice that
it's not spinning the ball is going
where we wanted it to go so with the
auto key selected we can then just add a
few key frames in to the timeline to
rotate the ball so I click on the rotate
rotate it to little bit and it doesn't
really matter is this just a showing
speaking do it properly and just keep
rotating it like that all the way around
along the timeline we've only got except
for 100 at normal you know you can
extend that so I just keep doing that
until obviously changing the rotations
exchanging direction you can play about
with up and just keep doing that all the
way through
so it's bucket so where you want the
ball to be two more like an hour and
back it beginning the rotation there
okay return a thought okay so I don't
mess up scooter full screen then I go on
you can see it's turning and not billion
book shows you how to use to get to
expose ok you can have their delete it
or hide it because it still remembers
what to do that's basically it I mean
you can change the start and end times
and there's more amateurs you can change
but basically that's a quick tutorial
and tues trajectories thanks for
watching